[RLLib] Readme.md Documentation for Almost All Algorithms in rllib/agents (#13035)
ray-project/ray: rllib/agents/dqn/README.md

# Deep Q Networks (DQN)

Code in this package is adapted from https://github.com/openai/baselines/tree/master/baselines/deepq.

## Overview 

> [DQN](https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~vmnih/docs/dqn.pdf) is a model-free off-policy RL algorithm and one of the first deep RL algorithms developed. DQN proposes using a neural network function approximator in place of the Q-value function in Q-learning. The agent aims to minimize the L2 norm between the Q-value predictions and the Q-value targets, which is computed as 1-step TD. The paper proposes two important concepts, a target network and an experience replay buffer. The target network is a copy of the main Q network and used to compute the Q-value targets for loss-function calculation. For stable training, the target network lags slightly behind the main Q-network. Meanwhile, the experience replay stores all data encountered by the agent during training and is uniformly sampled from to generate gradient updates for the Q-value network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DQN](https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~vmnih/docs/dqn.pdf) is a model-free off-policy RL algorithm and one of the first deep RL algorithms developed. DQN proposes using a neural network as a function approximator for the Q-function in Q-learning. The agent aims to minimize the L2 norm between the Q-value predictions and the Q-value targets, which is computed as 1-step TD. The paper proposes two important concepts, a target network and an experience replay buffer. The target network is a copy of the main Q network and is used to compute Q-value targets for loss-function calculations. To stabilize training, the target network lags slightly behind the main Q-network. Meanwhile, the experience replay stores all data encountered by the agent during training and is uniformly sampled from to generate gradient updates for the Q-value network.
```
